Document the Chrome Web Store review process (#1831)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/review-process/index.md

  dangerous capabilities takes more time to review.

Amount and formatting of code

: The more code an extension contains, the more work it takes to verify that code is safe.
  Obfuscation is disallowed as it increases the complexity of this validation process. Minification
  is allowed, but it can also make reviewing extension code more difficult. Where possible, consider
  submitting your code as authored. You may also want to consider structuring your code in a way
  that is easy for others to understand.

## Review outcomes {: #outcomes }

There are a number of possible pass/no-pass outcomes, depending on whether it's a publishing review
or a periodic re-review. These outcomes are described in the following sections.

### Publishing review outcomes {: #publish-outcomes }

This section describes how we handle policy violations that we find while reviewing an extension
submitted for publishing.

{% Aside %}

Existing published items may also be checked for these same violation; that process is described in
the [Periodic review outcomes][header-periodic-outcomes] section.

{% endAside %}

Publish review requests have two basic outcomes.

> - **No violations are found** – The submission is approved and can be published to the Chrome Web

Author: I'll use colons here.

  Store.
- **A violation is found** – The submission is [rejected][header-rejection] and the developer is
  informed why.

See [Developer communication][header-comms] for details on how these outcomes are communicated back

> to the developer and how developers can contact review regarding the outcome.

Author: I'm not sure how we ended up with this wording, but I definitely agree that it's weird. I'll change this to this to "can contact the review team."

Finally, a third potential outcome is that the submission is found to contain malware or another
extreme policy violation. See [malware][header-malware] details on how these verdicts are enforced.

### Periodic review outcomes {: #periodic-outcomes }

This section describes how policy violations are handled during the periodic review process. Note
that a violation identified during the [publishing review][header-publish-outcomes] process may
trigger a re-review of the currently published version of the extension.

> {% Img src="image/SHhb2PDKzXTggPGAYpv8JgR81pX2/J0afA0FTf3TbbcOawOD3.png", alt="ALT_TEXT_HERE",

Author: Adding alt text locally. Current alt text reads "Illustration of potential review outcomes and policy enforcement practices. Text details found in the 'Periodic review outcomes' and 'Violation enforcement' sections."

  taken down. See [Developer communication][header-comms] for additional information about email
  communication.

Chrome Web Store listing

: The extension's Chrome Web Store listing is not affected during the warning period. The item will
  remain available for download and existing users will be able to update to the most recent
  successfully published version of the extension. If the violation(s) are not addressed within the
  warning period, the extension will be taken down.

Chrome UI

: End users are not notified during the warning period.

### Takedown {: #takedown }

Takedown refers to the act of removing an extension from the Chrome Web Store. In most situations
takedowns are not permanent: the extension's developer can return the extension to the web store by
submitting a new version that resolves the policy violation and passing the review process.

Takedowns occur in two primary scenarios. First, immediate takedowns occur when reviewers detect one
or more policy violations of moderate or greater severity in the published version of an extension.
Second, delayed takedowns occur after the [warning period][warning] for a minor policy violation

> expires. In both cases, the impact of the takedown is the same.

Author: I was trying to say that both immediate takedown and takedown after a warning are enforced the same way. I think this was mostly an attempt to head off potential developer support contacts where developers ask about differences in enforcement practices due to how the takdown was triggered.

Developer communication

: The publisher email address associated with the extension will receive an email stating that the
  extension has been taken down due to one or more policy violations. In the case of an expired

>   warning, the email will include a reference to the warning email the developer should have
>   received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  warning, the email will include a reference to the warning email the developer previously
  received.
```

Chrome Web Store listing

: When an extension is taken down, it will no longer be available in the Chrome Web Store. If normal

>   users attempt to access the extension's item listing, Chrome Web Store will return a 404 error. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  users attempt to access the extension's listing, Chrome Web Store will return a 404 error. If
```

  the developer that owns the extension or a member of the extension's group publisher list (if
  there is one) is logged into the Chrome Web Store, they will see the last published version of the
  extension and a warning at the top of the window indicating that the extension has been taken
  down. Additionally, the item will not appear in Chrome Web Store search results, collections,
  category listings, or elsewhere in the Chrome Web Store's consumer UI.

Chrome UI

: End users are not notified of the enforcement action immediately after takedown. If the violation
  remains unresolved for several weeks, Chrome will automatically disable the extension and notify
  the end user that the extension violates Chrome Web Store policy. Users may choose to re-enable
  the extension if they wish.

> ### Malware & extreme violations {: #malware }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Malware and extreme violations {: #malware }
```

The Chrome Web Store Review team has special procedures for egregious policy violations. In cases
such as malware distribution, deceptive behavior designed to evade review, repeated severe
violations indicative of malicious intent, and other egregious policy violations, more drastic
measures are necessary.

> In order to limit the potential for these developers to further harm users, the Chrome Web Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To limit the potential for these developers to further harm users, the Chrome Web Store
```

team intentionally does not provide details regarding these violations. Additionally, in more severe
cases the developer's Chrome Web Store account will be permanently suspended.

Developer communication

: Unlike other enforcement actions, notification **is not** sent to the publisher's email address
  when the extension(s) are taken down. In the event that the developer's Chrome Web Store account
  is suspended, the developer will receive notification of that enforcement action.

Chrome Web Store listing

: Just as with a [takedown][header-takedown], the offending item is removed from the Chrome Web
  Store.

Chrome UI

> : The violating extension is disabled on all end-user devices. Unlike standard takedowns, these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The violating extension is disabled on all end user devices. Unlike standard takedowns, these
```

  dialog.

## Developer communication {: #comms }

The Chrome Web Store review process has two primary ways of communicating with developers: automated
emails sent to the extension publisher's email address and support tickets.

Support tickets must be opened using the [One Stop Support][header-support] form, but once a
ticket is opened all communication takes place over email.

### Automated emails {: #emails }

In all but the most extreme policy violations, the Chrome Web Store will send developers automated
emails informing them about the violation observed and the enforcement action taken. These emails
state what policy or policies were violated, link to troubleshooting documentation related to the
violation, and provide the developer with guidance on how to appeal the verdict.

### One Stop Support {: #support }

The [One Stop Support contact form][page-oss-form] provides Chrome Web Store publishers with a
single contact point to request assistance with a variety of issues.

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}

Appealing a review verdict

{% endDetailsSummary %}

1. Open the [One Stop Support contact form][page-oss-form].

> 2. Select "My item (extensions, app, or theme)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select "My item (extensions, app, or theme)".
```

> 3. Select "My item was warned / removed / rejected"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select "My item was warned / removed / rejected".
```

4. Select why you are appealing, and the reference color and element.
5. Review the violation troubleshooting guidance.
6. Provide additional details as requested by the form.

{% endDetails %}

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}

Appealing an account suspension

{% endDetailsSummary %}

1. "My developer account"
2. "My account was suspended".

> 3. Provide additional details as requested by the form.

Reviewer: Are these instructions or this this a list. If it's instructions, it needs verbs. If it's a list it needs to be bullets, not numbers. If the latter, it needs an intro explaining what this is a list of.

Author: This was meant as instructions. I don't recall writing these, so I *think* they may have been added by Andy.

In any case, I'm updating this list to use the same structure as the previous one and adding an intro sentence that sets context.
